*List the things you want to see in Video Wrangler*

 *I would love to see the a link to the video's permalink and the CC license IN vPIP somewhere. So when someone embeds my video, there will always be a link back to the original post. I dont need to rely on the embedder to be a good citizen. (Jay)
 *email videos to vPIP  (Rupert)
 *admin panel that lets me tell vPIP what categories to grab videos from on my blog. would like check boxes. (Jay)
 *vPIP feature request for sometime in the future: WordPress now comes with an Export feature that you can use to import your posts/categories/customfields/comments into a new install of WordPress. It doesn't export the vPIP tables, only the core wordpress stuff. I'd like to see the ability to export the vPIP info and re-import along the lines of what WordPress has done with their Export feature (or even added into their export feature). Dang. I mean WHY didn't they just make it detect and export custom tables?! (cheryl)
 *I want "email" this video built into the vPIP so someone can either embed the video, or email it to a friend. Its better for it to be in vPIP so when someone embed's the video, the "email this video" is carried along with it. Spread the viralness.(Jay)
 *allow video comments using vPIP. need a plugin that will ask me for a video URL and Thumbnail....then it would post the thumbnail in the commnet...when played, it would launch the thickbox player. (jay)
 *Let us put "style" into the embed share code. When someone embeds our video, it should look not look "unstyled".
 *add "video" element as Charles and Chris suggest
 *While I was styling my site last night, I came across an annoying issue. I decided to resize the poster image, for my one and only post ;-), and realized that the size is static to the original image size uploaded. I had to re-upload a new poster image. It would be nice if there was a way to define this somewhere in the vPIP admin options similar the the way thumbnail image sizes are defined. This would be useful if at some point down the road you decide to change your theme layout. You wouldn't have to re-upload all your images.  (Michael A)
 *(ask Jay about his dream Style for SHARE....would have multiple format links, embed code, permalink, feed options, and license all exposed to travel around when embedded)
 *

 